(Claire) HALEY! HURRY UP!
YOU'RE GONNA BE LATE!
ALEX, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I NEED TO DOCUMENT HALEY'S
FIRST DAY ON THE CHAIN GANG.
IT'S NOT A CHAIN GANG.
IT'S COMMUNITY SERVICE.
AND LEAVE HER ALONE.
SHE FEELS BAD ENOUGH AS IT IS.
OKAY, I'M TORN.
ON ONE HAND,
I'M LIKE, "UGH,
I HAVE TO PICK UP
GARBAGE ALL DAY."
AND ON THE OTHER HAND,
I'M LIKE,
"LOOK AT ME IN ORANGE."
(camera shutter clicks)
AW, THAT'S CUTE.
SEND THAT TO ME.
HALEY HAD A LITTLE RUN-IN
WITH THE LAW IN COLLEGE.
SHE WAS ARRESTED
FOR ASSAULTING A POLICE OFFICER.
ACCIDENTALLY.
I FELL ON HIM.
WHILE EVADING ARREST
FOR UNDERAGE DRINKING.
THAT WAS ON PURPOSE.
THEY WERE VERY LENIENT
WITH HER.
SHE ONLY HAS TO DO
COMMUNITY SERVICE.
BECAUSE I DO NOT
HAVE ANY PRIORS.
TAKING A LITTLE TOO MUCH
PRIDE IN THAT, SWEETHEART.
THINGS CAN GET
PRETTY ROUGH OUT THERE.
I COULDN'T GET MY HANDS
ON ANY CIGARETTES.
BUT I DID MAKE YOU A SHIV
OUT OF AN OLD KNIFE.
YOU DON'T MAKE A SHIV
OUT OF A KNIFE.
YEAH, YOU MAKE A SHIV
OUT OF A RUSTY SPOON
OR A SHARD OF GLASS.
OR A HUMAN FEMUR.
EXACTLY.
BE CREATIVE.
IT'S REALLY SWEET
OF YOU, LUKE,
BUT THERE'S JUST GONNA BE
A BUNCH OF DRUNK DRIVERS
AND VANDALIZERS WHO WERE
STUPID ENOUGH TO GET CAUGHT.
OR STUPID ENOUGH TO USE
THE WORD "VANDALIZERS."
IT'S VANDALS.
OH.
I'M SO ALONE.
(roars)
(all scream)
THEY'RE GONNA EAT YOU ALIVE,
SUBURBIA.
♪
MITCHELL, WE'RE BACK.
YOU ARE NOT GOING
TO BELIEVE THIS.
CAM, DO YOU REMEMBER
WHY I DIDN'T WANT YOU
TO SWAP OUT THE HANDLES
ON LILY'S DRESSER?
BECAUSE YOU LACK A DESIGNER'S
EYE AND FEAR CHANGE?
NO. BECAUSE I WAS AFRAID
TWO WEEKS WOULD GO BY,
AND WE'D STILL BE USING
A SPATULA
TO GET AT LILY'S CLOTHES.
OKAY, WELL, WE HAVE
BIGGER ISSUES. (sighs)
GUESS WHAT THEY ARE CUTTING
DOWN AT THE PARK TODAY?
A TREE?
YES.
HOW DID YOU KNOW THAT?
I PLAYED A HUNCH.
NOT JUST ANY TREE,
TREE-ONA ELMSLY.
OH, NO.
THAT'S TERRIBLE.
THAT'S OUR PICNIC TREE.
IT'S A NIGHTMARE.
WELL, SOMEONE'S PICKED UP
HER DADDY'S GIFT FOR HYPERBOLE.
THEY ARE LITERALLY
CHAINSAWING PARADISE
TO PUT UP A PARKING LOT.
OH, IT'S TOO BAD.
WE HAVE TO DO SOMETHING.
WELL, IF WE KNEW EARLIER,
WE COULD.
I BLAME MYSELF.
I'VE TAKEN ON TOO MUCH.
WHAT EXACTLY
HAVE YOU TAKEN ON?
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
TEACHING MUSIC?
THIS DRESSER HANDLE PROJECT?
MY ROLE IN THE MUSICAL?
OH, THAT.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I DON'T LIKE YOUR TONE.
THE UNDERSTUDY'S
THE MOST CHALLENGING ROLE
IN ANY PRODUCTION.
YOU HAVE TO BE READY
AT A MOMENT'S NOTICE
TO GO ON AND FACE
A DISAPPOINTED AUDIENCE
WHO WAS THERE
TO SEE KENNY VAN HEFFINGTON.
OUR INSURANCE GUY?
HE'S BREATHTAKING.
REALLY?
YEAH, I HATE HIM.
ANYWAY, WHAT WAS
I TALKING ABOUT?
PUTTING NEW HANDLES
ON THE DRESSER.
RIGHT.
THE TREE.
I HAVE TO DO SOMETHING.
(drawer bangs)
I CAN'T LIVE LIKE THIS.
MANNY, WHILE WE'RE YOUNG!
HE DOESN'T WANT TO GO.
THAT'S WHY HE'S TAKING
SO LONG WITH THE PRIMPING.
A BOY HIS AGE SHOULD DO
EXACTLY ZERO PRIMPING.
YOU READY?
NOT IN THE LEAST.
THAT'S THE SPIRIT.
THIS KID IN MY CLASS,
DOUG BROOKS,
HAS A SPORTS-THEMED
BIRTHDAY PARTY EVERY YEAR.
ALL BOYS. ALL SPORTS.
ALL DAY.
HE CALLS IT THE DOUG-LYMPICS,
WHICH MIGHT MAKE SENSE
IF HE DID IT EVERY FOUR YEARS,
OR IF HIS NAME WAS AL.
LET'S JUST SAY
NOTHING ABOUT IT WORKS.
MANNY, IT'S A BEAUTIFUL
DAY OUTSIDE.
GO ON.
ENJOY YOUR DOUGY-LYMPICS.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO WIN A MEDAL.
JUST HAVE FUN.
DOUG FINISHES WITH THE MOST
MEDALS NO MATTER WHAT.
PLUS I THINK
HE ONLY INVITES ME
BECAUSE HE LIKES TO MATCH
SKIN COLOR TO NATION.
I KNOW THAT'S WHY
ALAN YAN GETS INVITED.
OKAY, WE GET IT.
SPORTS ISN'T YOUR THING.
BUT YOU GOT TO STEP OUT
OF YOUR COMFORT ZONE SOMETIME.
AND FOR GOD SAKE,
CHANGE OUT OF THOSE WINGTIPS.
YOU'RE A KID.
YOU'RE NOT NIXON ON THE BEACH.
FINE. I'LL PUT ON
MY SPORTY SHOES.
WHERE ARE THEY?
THEY'RE STILL IN THE BOX.
AND DON'T FORGET
TO TAKE OUT THE PAPER
BEFORE YOU PUT THEM ON,
OKAY?
AND THEY'RE CALLED SNEAKERS.
(knock on door)
(singsongy)
HELLO, HELLO!
HEY, GLORIA.
SO, READY TO GO?
WHERE?
THOUGHT WE WERE DOING
A COSTCO RUN.
OH, I SEE WHAT THIS IS.
YOU CALLED CLAIRE TO BABYSIT
THE STUPID PREGNANT LADY!
YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO CALLED HER.
I DID?
I CALLED CLAIRE.
GLORIA NEEDS WATCHING.
SHE'S GOT A SERIOUS CASE
OF PREGNANCY BRAIN.
LAST WEEK, I FOUND
A BAR OF SOAP IN THE FRIDGE
AND A STICK OF BUTTER
IN THE SHOWER.
I WALKED AROUND ALL DAY
SMELLING LIKE A BUCKET
OF POPCORN.
BETTER THAN
THE TOAST I ATE.
YET YOU ATE
THE SECOND PIECE.
JAY! BYE-BYE!
WE'RE LEAVING!
SERIOUSLY?
I'M RIGHT HERE.
(man) DUCK! DUCK!
COME ON AND HIT HIM,
YOU LITTLE FREAK!
TALK ABOUT
A BIG LEFT HOOK.
GOD, I LOVE YOU.
PHIL IN THE BLANK!
BILL OF RIGHTS!
JERRY-ATRIC!
ALAN'S DAD!
HEY, GUYS.
LUKE, YOU GETTING IN THERE?
OF COURSE.
(laughs)
LOOK, I'M MEXICO.
AGAIN.
DOES ANYBODY CARE
THAT I'M NOT FROM MEXICO?
YOU KEEP SAYING THAT,
BUT WE'VE NEVER SEEN
A BIRTH CERTIFICATE.
ALL RIGHT, LOOK,
I'LL PICK YOU UP AT 5:00.
KNOCK YOURSELF OUT.
OR BETTER STILL,
KNOCK SOMEONE ELSE OUT.
JAY, WHERE YOU HEADED?
WHY DON'T YOU STICK AROUND
AND GRAB A BEER WITH THE DADS?
OH, I DON'T REALLY KNOW
THOSE GUYS.
I THINK I'LL JUST SWING
BY THE CLUB, HIT A FEW BALLS.
WELL, COME HERE.
LET ME INTRODUCE YOU AROUND.
HEY, GUYS,
THIS IS JAY, MY FATHER-IN-LAW.
MANNY'S STEPDAD.
HEY, WHAT'S UP, JAY-LO?
OKAY, GUYS,
I'LL SEE YOU LATER.
WHAT'S THE MATTER, JAY?
AFRAID TO STEP OUTSIDE
YOUR COMFORT ZONE?
I WILL SEND YOU BACK
TO MEXICO.
I DIDN'T REALLY CALL YOU,
DID I?
NO, MY DAD DID.
BUT I THOUGHT YOU KNEW.
UGH. I WANT TO BE
SO MAD AT HIM,
BUT HE'S RIGHT.
I HAVE TWO BRAINS
IN MY BODY,
BUT I'VE NEVER BEEN
SO DUMB.
IT HAPPENS. I GET IT.
YOU HAVE ANOTHER HUMAN BEING
INSIDE OF YOU,
COMPETING FOR RESOURCES.
LOOK, WHEN I WAS PREGNANT
WITH ALEX,
I COULD BARELY
REMEMBER MY NAME.
SAME WITH HALEY AND LUKE?
MM, NOT SO MUCH.
THEY KIND OF JUST HUNG OUT
IN THERE, LET ME DO MY THING.
THANK YOU
FOR UNDERSTANDING.
I'M GLAD THAT YOU CAME.
MM.
IT WILL HELP ME
NOT TO FORGET STUFF.
(seat belt release clicks)
I'M GLAD I CAN HELP OUT.
I--WHOA, WHOA!
(door alert dinging)
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA!
WHY DIDN'T YOU STOP FIRST?!
WHERE'S DADDY?
I DON'T KNOW, SWEETIE.
HE SAID TO MEET HIM
BY TREE-ONA.
(Cameron) MITCHELL!
LILY!
WHERE IS HE?
UP HERE!
LOOK UP HERE!
(gasps) CAM, WHAT ARE
YOU DOING UP THERE?
I CAME DOWN TO SAY
GOOD-BYE TO THE TREE,
GIVE IT ONE FINAL HUG,
AND BEFORE I KNEW IT,
I WAS UP HERE.
WHEN YOU SAY
"ONE FINAL HUG"...
IF I'M OCCUPYING THE TREE,
THEY CAN'T CUT IT DOWN.
I GOOGLED IT. IT'S A THING.
OKAY, LILY, SEE,
THIS IS A NIGHTMARE.
TELL ME ABOUT IT.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU'RE A LIST-MAKER, A PLANNER.
I'M A DOER
AND AN ACTION-TAKER!
SEAN PENN WOULD PLAY ME
IN A MOVIE ABOUT THIS,
OR ANNE HATHAWAY, IF THEY
WANTED A FEMALE-DRIVEN VEHICLE.
AND WHO WOULD PLAY
YOUR LONG-SUFFERING PARTNER?
JULIANNE MOORE,
EITHER WAY.
I WOULD TOTALLY SEE THAT.
I WOULD. I KNOW.
HEY! MY SUPERVISOR
WANTS TO KNOW
IF YOU HAVE A HISTORY
OF MENTAL ILLNESS.
NO, SIR, I DO NOT.
EH. MM. HMM.
ALL RIGHT, CAM, LET'S HEAR.
WHAT'S THE PLAN?
I DON'T KNOW.
I'M SORT OF
MAKING IT UP AS I GO.
ARE YOU SURE
YOU WANT TO DO THIS?
YES.
I'VE NEVER BEEN MORE SURE
ABOUT ANYTHING IN MY LIFE.
WE NEED TO TEACH
OUR DAUGHTER
THE VALUE OF TAKING A STAND,
NO MATTER THE SACRIFICE!
(cell phone rings)
HELLO?
DONE.
I'LL BE RIGHT THERE.
MITCHELL, YOU NEED
TO GET UP HERE.
I HAVE TO GO.
EXCUSE ME?
THAT WAS MY THEATER TROUPE.
AN ACTOR'S SICK.
I HAVE TO GO
AND DO THE MATINEE.
WHAT HAPPENED TO SHOWING LILY
THE VALUE OF TAKING A STAND?
IT'S THE LEAD.
IT'S ALSO IMPORTANT
TO SHOW HER THE VALUE
OF HONORING
ONE'S COMMITMENTS.
AND IN THIS CASE, MY COMMITMENT
PRECEDED MY STAND!
(MITCHEL)THIS IS SO YOU, CAM.
YOU START SOMETHING, AND THEN
YOU EXPECT ME TO FINISH IT.
SO YOU'RE NOT
COMING UP HERE?
NO! NO, I'M NOT.
COME ON.
MITCHELL?
WHERE WERE WE
THE FIRST DAY LILY ROLLED OVER?
UNDER THIS TREE.
WHERE IS HOME BASE
WHEN WE PLAY HIDE-AND-GO-SEEK?
UNDER THIS TREE.
AND WHERE DID
WE TAKE SHELTER
DURING THAT
DANGEROUS LIGHTNING STORM?
WASN'T A GOOD IDEA,
BUT IT WAS UNDER THIS TREE.
DADDY, YOU'VE GOT
TO SAVE THE TREE!
YEAH, DADDY, YOU HAVE
OKAY, OKAY.
BUT YOU GET BACK HERE
THE SECOND YOU ARE DONE.
WELL, I CAN'T VERY WELL
TURN AWAY FANS
THAT COME BACKSTAGE.
THE SECOND!
(vehicles passing)
LAST SUMMER, MY SISTER
TOOK A TOTALLY
HUMILIATING PHOTO OF ME.
(air horn blasts)
(muffled scream)
(chuckles)
HALEY, THAT'S NOT FUNNY!
THEN SHE POSTED IT
TO FACEBOOK
AND REFUSED TO TAKE IT DOWN.
IT GOT 873 LIKES.
MEANWHILE, THERE'S NOT
ONE EMBARRASSING PHOTO OF HALEY.
EVEN HER MUG SHOTS WERE CUTE.
(camera shutter clicks)
TODAY, I GET MY REVENGE.
ONE PHOTO OF HALEY,
DIRTY, SWEATY,
PICKING UP TRASH
LIKE A CRIMINAL.
IT'LL BE MY FINEST MOMENT.
IN A FEW YEARS,
I HOPE TO HAVE SOME MORE FRIENDS
AND NOT HAVE TIME
FOR THIS KIND OF STUFF.
OKAY.
HEY.
WHERE DID YOU GO?
TO GET A SWEATSHIRT.
WE'VE BEEN STANDING
IN THE FROZEN FOOD AISLE
FOR HALF AN HOUR.
I NEED SOMETHING FROZEN.
RIGHT.
WHAT?
I DON'T KNOW.
I JUST WROTE
THE WORD "FROZEN."
OKAY.
UH, LET'S THINK.
PEAS. ICE CREAM.
PIZZA. WAFFLES.
WAIT A MINUTE.
IT SAYS "DOZEN."
I NEED THE EGGS!
AH, THE EGGS.
OKAY.
AY, NO, ON THE OTHER SIDE.
OH, GOD.
I-I'LL GET THE CARTS.
SO THAT'S...
OH, SORRY.
THAT'S... THAT'S ME.
THAT'S ME. I GOT IT.
(grunting)
COME ON, GUYS!
YOU'RE KILLING US!
WHERE THE HECK
IS MEXICO?
GOOD NEWS, GENTLEMEN!
I FOUND ANOTHER ROPE.
IF WE DOUBLE-DUTCH,
EVERYONE WINS.
(grunts)
OKAY, HOLD STILL...
(camera shutter clicks)
AND WAIT FOR IT...
THIS IS WHAT YOU'D
LOOK LIKE FAT AND BALD.
(laughter)
ON MY PHONE,
THAT APP'S CALLED A CAMERA.
BILL, DON'T DO THAT
TO YOURSELF.
LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING.
ELLEN IS ONE LUCKY WOMAN.
MM! (laughs)
WHY IS THAT FUNNY?
BECAUSE SHE'S MARRIED
TO JERRY.
(laughter)
JAY, YOU GOT
ANY GOOD APPS?
I DON'T KNOW.
I GOT CALL WAITING.
IS THAT AN APP?
(laughter)
YOU GUYS LAUGH
A LOT, HUH?
JAY'S A LITTLE
TECHNOLOGICALLY CHALLENGED.
FROM A GUY
WHO CAN'T DRIVE A STICK.
WHAT?
YOU CAN'T?
WELL...
HE CALLED ME
TO RESCUE HIM ONE TIME.
HE GOT STUCK ON A HILL.
HE WAS AFRAID
TO LET GO OF THE CLUTCH.
WELL...
BY THE TIME I GOT THERE,
TRAFFIC'S BACKED UP
HALF A MILE,
EVERYBODY'S YELLING AT HIM.
HE'S IN TEARS.
(laughs) NOT TEARS.
MAYBE SWEAT.
YEAH,
SWEATIN' OUT YOUR EYES.
(laughter)
(camera shutter clicking)
I HAD ABOUT TEN
PRETTY BAD PICTURES OF HALEY.
I COULD HAVE QUIT RIGHT THERE,
BUT I'M A PERFECTIONIST.
I THOUGHT,
"I COULD DO BETTER.
SHE COULD LOOK WORSE."
(shutter continues clicking,
horn blares)
OHH!
(thuds)
OH, MY GOD.
ALL RIGHT, PAL.
COME DOWN FROM THE TREE.
SORRY, CAN'T DO THAT.
COME DOWN
BEFORE WE PULL YOU DOWN.
W--HEY.
EASE UP.
WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
LOOK, I DON'T WANT
TO BE UP HERE.
YOU KNOW?
BUT THIS IS
MY DAUGHTER'S FAVORITE TREE.
AND MY PARTNER--
HE'S ALL UP IN ARMS
ABOUT THEM
CUTTING IT DOWN, SO...
WELL, IF YOUR PARTNER'S
SO WORKED UP, WHY ISN'T HE HERE?
OH, WELL, THAT'S
A VERY GOOD QUESTION.
IT'S BECAUSE HE STARTS THINGS,
AND HE DOESN'T FINISH THEM,
SO THEN I HAVE TO.
JUST LIKE MY WIFE.
YOU KNOW, MY THERAPIST
WOULD SAY WE'RE "ENABLING" THEM.
YOU AND YOUR THERAPIST.
I WOULDN'T HAVE TO SEE HIM
IF YOU HADN'T SHOT THAT GUY.
AW, THAT AGAIN?
LOOK, LET'S JUST SPRAY HIM
WITH THE FIRE HOSE.
(lowered voice)
YOU'RE NOT HELPING, TERRY.
(normal voice)
IT'S NOT YOUR FIGHT.
SO WHY DON'T YOU
DO US A FAVOR,
AND COME ON DOWN?
BECAUSE HE'S RIGHT,
ALL RIGHT?
THAT'S THE FRUSTRATING PART.
I-I'VE BEEN SITTING UP HERE
THESE PAST FEW HOURS,
AND... THIS TREE
IS BEAUTIFUL, OKAY?
AND I-I CAN HEAR THE SQUIRRELS
DANCING THROUGH THE BRANCHES,
YOU KNOW, CHASING EACH OTHER,
NO IDEA WHAT'S
ABOUT TO HAPPEN.
YOU KNOW, THIS ISN'T
JUST A TREE.
THIS IS A HOME.
YEAH, TO, LIKE,
A HUNDRED RATS.
THEY'RE ALL OVER THIS THING.
WELL, THAT CHANGES NOTHING.
I WILL WAIT YOU GUYS OUT
ALL NIGHT IF I HAVE TO.
CAM, YOU GOT 20 MINUTES,
AND I'M OUT OF THIS TREE.
TERRY, YOU WANT TO
GET READY WITH THAT HOSE?
SO ALEX COMES HOME
FROM SCHOOL THE OTHER DAY,
AND SHE SAID
THE TEACHER DIDN'T KNOW
WHAT SHE WAS TALKING ABOUT,
WHEN IN REALITY, I DON'T THINK
THAT--WHOA, WHOA, WHOA!
HEY! YOU ALMOST
JUST CUT MY HEAD OFF.
YOU GOT TO FOCUS!
I AM SORRY.
AFTER ALL THAT,
I FORGOT THE EGGS!
EXCUSE ME.
YEAH, HANG ON ONE SECOND.
LISTEN, THIS IS NOT
JUST YOUR PREGNANCY.
YOU ARE PURPOSELY
TURNING YOUR BRAIN OFF.
YOU HAVE TO AT LEAST
TRY TO PAY ATTENTION.
MA'AM?
YEAH.
DO YOU HAVE A RECEIPT
FOR THAT SWEATSHIRT?
OH, SHOOT.
I'M GONNA NEED YOU TO
COME BACK INTO THE STORE.
OH, NO.
NO, IT'S--I FORGOT
I WAS WEARING IT.
IT'S NO BIG DEAL. HERE.
MA'AM.
THE STORE.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
I DIDN'T TRY
TO STEAL A SWEATSHIRT!
SIR, I'M A MOM.
UH-HUH.
GLORIA, HELP ME OUT.
LISTEN, MR. POLICEMAN,
IF WE WANTED TO STEAL IT,
YOU WOULDN'T EVEN KNOW
THAT IT WAS GONE!
YEAH, OKAY.
THAT'S NOT HELPING.
(laughing)
(cracks)
(grunts)
OOH! OOP! OOH!
EW!
OH, MY GOD!
A GOLD BRACELET!
HEY, CAN WE KEEP
WHAT WE FIND?
UNBELIEVABLE.
(clank)
REALLY?
GENTLEMEN, YOU WANT TO KNOW
ABOUT THE REAL
ULTIMATE FRISBEE?
WALK WITH ONE BALANCED
ON YOUR HEAD FOR 50 METERS.
IT IS A MEASURE OF POISE,
BALANCE, AND POSTURE.
LET'S JUST WHIP THE FRISBEES
AT EACH OTHER AS HARD AS WE CAN
AND SEE WHO QUITS FIRST.
FRISBEE SMASH.
AWESOME! LET'S GO!
OH, MY GOD, I'M SISYPHUS.
YES!
A BIG ONE!
HA HA! UHH!
SO HE'S OUT IN OUR YARD
AND HE'S GOT A BOOMBOX...
WHAT'S THE NAME OF THAT MOVIE
WITH THE BOOMBOX?
OH, "SAY ANYTHING."
WITH JOHN MAHONEY.
SO ANYWAY, HE'S OUT THERE,
AND HE'S BEGGING CLAIRE
FOR FORGIVENESS.
SHE'S STILL MAD AT HIM.
SHE WON'T HAVE ANY OF IT.
SO HE TURNS IT UP
FULL-BLAST,
AND IT'S OLIVIA NEWTON-JOHN.
(men laugh) OHH!
AND HE STARTS SINGING,
"LET'S GET PHIL-SICAL"!
(laughter)
IT WAS AN INSIDE JOKE.
(singsongy) WELL, NOT ANYMORE!
(laughter) OKAY, ENOUGH WITH
THE FUNNY PHIL STORIES.
NO, BUT I HAVEN'T EVEN GOTTEN
TO THE BEST PART YET.
SO HE'S DOING HIS LITTLE DANCE,
AND I CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE,
SO I NAIL HIM
WITH THE SPRINKLERS!
(laughter)
YEP, AND YOU ALSO
SHORTED OUT MY BOOMBOX,
WHICH YOU SAID YOU'D REPLACE
AND YOU NEVER DID.
I NEVER SAID THAT!
YES, YOU DID.
YOU STILL OWE ME ONE BOOM BOX,
12 "D" BATTERIES,
AND AN OLIVIA
NEWTON-JOHN CASSINGLE.
HUH.
OKAY, UH...
WHY DON'T WE SETTLE IT
IN THE RING?
WE GET IN THERE,
AND IF YOU BEAT ME, I'LL BUY
YOU ANY BOOMBOX YOU WANT.
IF I BEAT YOU,
THEN YOU'VE GOT TO DO
YOUR LITTLE DANCE FOR EVERYONE.
(men) YEAH!
I'M IN.
LET'S GET PHIL-SICAL.
(laughter)
I WASN'T WORRIED.
I'D BOXED IN THE NAVY.
AND IT WAS PHIL.
AND HERE'S SOMETHING I THOUGHT
I'D NEVER SAY--
I'D RATHER BOX
MY DAUGHTER'S HUSBAND
THAN MY SON'S.
(bell dings)
(cheering
and shouting indistinctly)
I MAY HAVE BEEN HOLDING ON TO
A TINY BIT OF ANGER TOWARDS JAY.
I SCOOPED ICE CREAM ALL SUMMER
FOR THAT BOOMBOX!
(grunting)
(man) OH! OH!
OH!
EXCUSE ME. PARDON ME.
WE'RE HERE!
WE'RE HERE! WE CAME
AS FAST AS WE COULD!
YOU COULDN'T CHANGE?
YOU SAID COME RIGHT AWAY!
EXCUSE ME,
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN!
OAKWOOD REP'S PRODUCTION
OF "CATS"!
MAKE SURE YOU CATCH IT
THIS WEEK.
WORD ON THE STREET IS
THE UNDERSTUDY STEALS THE SHOW!
MITCHELL, I GET TWO MORE SHOWS!
KENNY VAN HEFFINGTON'S TOENAIL
IS INFECTED!
JUST GET UP HERE, ALL RIGHT?
THE CREW HAS TO LEAVE AT DARK,
SO YOU HAVE UNTIL THEN.
EASY PEASY.
SWEETIE, TELL DADDY WHAT YOU
THOUGHT OF MY PERFORMANCE.
TRANSCENDENT.
OH, JEEZ.
IS THIS SAP?
WHY WOULD I BUY HUNDREDS
OF DOLLARS WORTH OF MERCHANDISE
AND THEN STEAL
A $20 SWEATSHIRT?
I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE YOU DO IT FOR THE THRILL.
I KNOW YOUR TYPE.
YOU'RE A BORED HOUSEWIFE,
DRIVES A MINIVAN,
HUSBAND SPENDS
A LITTLE TOO MUCH TIME ONLINE.
GOT A COUPLE OF KIDS,
A COLLEGE DEGREE YOU DON'T USE.
YOU COULD NOT BE MORE WRONG.
YES.
SHE HAS THREE KIDS.
OKAY, NO.
NO, NO.
NO, THAT'S NOT HELPING.
LOOK, AS I SAID BEFORE,
IT WAS AN ACCIDENT.
HEARD IT
A THOUSAND TIMES.
GRANDMOTHERS, BUSINESSMEN,
HONOR STUDENTS--
THEY ALL SAY
THE SAME THING--
"IT WAS AN ACCIDENT.
I DON'T KNOW HOW THAT
CLOCK RADIO GOT IN MY PANTS."
OH, FOR GOD SAKE!
I DON'T FEEL WELL.
LET US GO.
YEAH, RIGHT.
IS THAT EVEN A BABY?
'CAUSE FROM HERE,
IT LOOKS LIKE A TURKEY.
(sighs) I NEED YOU TO SIGN THIS,
ADMITTING YOUR GUILT,
AND PROMISING YOU'LL NEVER
RETURN TO THIS STORE.
I'M NOT SIGNING THAT.
OKAY, GREAT.
THEN I'M GONNA CALL THE POLICE
AND I'LL BE FORCED TO--
AAH!
(liquid splatters)
WHAT WAS THAT?
MY WATER BROKE!
I'M HAVING THE BABY!
HEY.
SORRY ABOUT THAT.
I WENT A LITTLE NUTS THERE.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED.
I DO.
I WAS RAGGING ON YOU
IN FRONT OF YOUR FRIENDS.
OH, YEAH.
SORRY ABOUT THAT.
I COULDN'T THINK
OF ANYTHING ELSE TO SAY.
WHY NOT?
I GOT 20, 25 YEARS
ON THOSE GUYS.
WE GOT NOTHING IN COMMON.
IT'S ONLY GONNA GET WORSE.
I MEAN, WHAT'S IT GONNA BE LIKE
WITH THE NEW KID IN TEN YEARS?
OH, MY GOODNESS.
YOU'RE INSECURE
AND VULNERABLE.
THIS IS THE CUTEST THING
I'VE EVER SEEN.
SHUT UP.
WHO'S A SHY BUNNY?
YOU WANT TO GO ONE MORE ROUND,
WITHOUT THE GLOVES?
I'M JUST PLAYING AROUND, JAY.
I DON'T CARE HOW OLD YOU ARE.
I COULD SIT
AND TALK TO YOU ALL DAY.
THOSE GUYS
REALLY LIKED YOU, TOO.
I DON'T CARE ABOUT THAT.
DID THEY?
EVEN JERRY?
YES.
WELL, MAYBE YOU'RE RIGHT.
I MEAN, MANNY DIDN'T WANT
TO COME, AND LOOK AT HIM.
LOOKS LIKE
HE'S HAVING A GREAT TIME.
SO THEN LUKE'S DAD
GRABS THE TASER FROM ME,
AND HE WAS LIKE,
"UHH! UHH!"
NO. NO!
THAT'S NOT HOW IT HAPPENED.
HEY.
AAH! AY! AY! IT HURTS!
HANG IN THERE! HANG IN THERE!
GET YOU TO THE HOSPITAL
AS SOON AS I CAN!
I JUST WANT TO APOLOGIZE...
UH-HUH.
ONE MORE TIME
ON BEHALF OF THE STORE
FOR ANY STRESS
THAT I MIGHT HAVE CAUSED YOU.
HERE, YOU CAN KEEP
THE SWEATSHIRT AS A GIFT.
AND CONGRATULATIONS
ON THIS BABY,
WHICH IS CLEARLY NOT A TURKEY.
THAT WAS--
GO AWAY NOW!
YEAH.
AY! AY!
OKAY.
GO ON. GO ON.
GET IN. KEEP GOING.
WHAT HOSPITAL
ARE WE GOING TO?
NO! NO HOSPITAL!
NO HOSPITAL. WOW.
(breathing heavily)
WOW, YOU'RE ONE OF THOSE, HUH?
OKAY, PLEASE DON'T HAVE IT
IN THE POOL, THOUGH.
'CAUSE WE SWIM IN THERE.
I'M NOT HAVING
THE BABY, CLAIRE.
I WAS JUST FAKING IT.
WHAT?
(bottle crackles)
NOT BAD FOR SOMEONE
WITH PREGNANCY BRAIN, HUH?
OKAY, THAT'S GOOD.
THAT WAS VERY GOOD.
GOOD THINKING, GLORIA.
I'M SORRY.
I JUST COULDN'T SIT THERE
AND WATCH YOU SUFFER
JUST BECAUSE YOU HAD
TURNED YOUR BRAIN OFF.
OKAY, I DESERVED THAT.
(siren wailing)
OH, NO.
OH, NO, NO, NO, NO.
I JUST BLEW THROUGH A RED LIGHT.
DAMN.
YOU THINK YOU CAN KEEP
THE PREGNANCY THING UP
FOR A LITTLE WHILE LONGER?
AAH!
AY! I FEEL THE HEAD!
FEEL IT! FEEL IT!
SAVE IT!
SAVE IT FOR THE COP!
AAH!
SAVE IT.
(cell phone rings)
(sighs) ALL RIGHT, GUYS,
THAT'S IT.
PACK IT UP!
YOU WIN FOR TODAY.
SEE YOU ON MONDAY.
THAT'S IT?
THAT'S IT.
SO I'LL GO TO CITY HALL
ON MONDAY
AND SEE WHAT I CAN DO,
BUT... YOU DID IT, CAM!
NO, WE DID IT.
I HAD TO RUN AWAY,
AND YOU STEPPED IN,
AND LIKE AN UNDERSTUDY, YOU GAVE
A BRILLIANT PERFORMANCE.
YEAH, BUT YOU'RE THE STAR.
(giggles)
OH, WELL...
CAN WE STOP DOING THIS
AND GO HOME?
YES, LILY, BUT I WANT YOU
TO REMEMBER THIS MOMENT--
THE DAY YOUR DADDIES
MADE YOU PROUD.
AAH! AAH!
(branch cracks)
(gasps)
(high-pitched voice)
AAH! AAH! AAH!
TURN HER AWAY, MITCHELL!
TURN HER AWAY!
(both laughing)
EW.
(panting)
(horn honks)
OH!
(camera thuds)
(crunch)
ALEX, WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
LEARNING A VALUABLE LESSON
ABOUT KARMA
AND HOW WRONG
IT IS TO TAKE PLEASURE
IN PEOPLE'S EMBARRASSMENT.
WOW, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT ANY OF THAT MEANS,
BUT YOU LOOK LIKE HELL.
(singsongy) SAY "GEEK."
(camera shutter clicks)
NO!
(lowered voice)
HE'S A VANDALIZER!
(engine revs)
593 LIKES,
AND COUNTING.
(man) WHO DOES HE
BELONG TO?
HE'S MINE.
IT WAS A GREAT ENDING
TO AN AMAZING DAY.
LOOK, I EVEN...
MADE THE PAPER. (laughs)
"BIZARRE PROTEST
SAVES PARK TREE."
OH, LOOK WHAT IT SAYS.
"THIS PRODUCTION OF 'CATS'
SHOULD BE PUT TO SLEEP."
DON'T READ THAT.
DON'T...
(doorbell rings)
OH, HEY, GLORIA.
LISTEN, I CALLED JAY
ABOUT BORROWING A DRILL
FOR MY DRESSER HANDLES.
I GOT IT RIGHT HERE, CAM!
OH, JEEZ.
WHAT'S WITH THE GETUP?
AY, GOOD.
YOU SEE THAT, TOO?
(barking and growling)
STELLA, STOP.
AY, SHH, SHH, SHH.
SORRY, CAM.
OH, NO, DON'T BE.
I TAKE IT AS A COMPLIMENT.
(hisses)
(whimpers)
"CATS"--NOW AND FOREVER.
ACTUALLY, JUST TILL
NEXT THURSDAY.
IT'S BEEN DESCRIBED
AS "TRANSCENDENT."
(chuckles)